# Personal Adherence

## The Deep Thinker: One of Many 'No Child Left Behind' Edge Cases

I comment on education reform as an edge-case that propagates in numerous
variants of the current paradigm that in total, collectively defines the failing
state of Education.

A system tightly bound to common core curricula, aging inneffective policies,
competitive game theory tactics, general intelligence theory, grades and
standardized tests, and the business model of the 1880's.

Early in my adolescence, I noticed an apparent neglect and void of curiosity and
passion in schools - something I had grown up with living in a family of
engineers; curiosity and passion - characteristics common among the edge-cases
amassed throughout our education system and undoubtably central for the
continuation of human progress.

After taking time away from formal education, I diverged in my studies toward a
playful philosophy of acquring massive tabs of pinned readings.

Soon there after, my unmeasured self-learning evolved into a natural
appreciation and unabounded love to read, ask questions, and try everything.

I even began reading research journals and textbooks for fun.

Contrary to regurgitation learning deployed in my school years, I was afforded
the luxury of boundless time insighted for deeper levels of cognitive thinking
embodied in rich, complex thoughts.

The more sessions of deep thinking, the more times I felt those beautiful
'woooah' moments.

Continuing my growth as a programmer, I needed a new set of thinking strategies
derived in formal logic necessary for more effective problem-solving.

Through self-directed learning, I learned to derive insight from empirical
research, formal logic, mental models, abstraction, reasoning with contradictory
schools of thought, personal experience, and intuition.

All the while, I could not help but notice common problems I had felt in formal
education were remained unnoticed by my former peers.

There existed a strange dichotomy in the admiration I had for learning derived
from self-directed learning that was contrary to my former peers.

To them, learning meant homework and studying.

To me, learning meant quest and untold journey.

## Interesting Problem

I thought over education reform throughout my time in university â€” how to divert
generations of curious learners away from the diploma delusion.

Having left, I simply could not shake the inner thoughts that someone is going
to disrupt the American Education System in the next few years for better or for
worse.

I knew too much about the unfortunate dichotomy in learning, where the education
system diverged, and how to truly solve the education problem. No duct tape
necessary.

## Opportunity

Open AccessEdu is an initiative to bring those same opportunities to the land of
opportunity and greater world of learners.
