# Teaching Model

## Ideal

the ## goal is to inspire, cultivate curiosity, passion, and insight critical
thinking skills and open discussion without the learner knowing they are
learning. [Michael Stevens Questions TED Talk]()

## Function

Find undiscovered talent in each learner (curiosity + passion)

For each, recognize the learner's style and adopt the correlating learning model

generate and teach values that promote conserving ecological balance

## Feature

## Approach

Give them something to stand for, not just against. Ask them what they think is
wrong with the classroom — and then challenge them to make it better.

Offer students the chance to reinterpret something they’ve learned.

be on the same level of understanding as the learner to identify logical errors
in thinking

Reward questions by telling the student that it is a good question, and
generally shows a great amount of enthusiasm for his field of study.

Avoid telling children what to learn, rather expose them to the available
knowledge and content out there in the world

To teach someone a value at the time when the relationship is good seems to have
a far greater positive impact than teaching in a negative environment.

## Style

## Value

Teacher's genuine love for the discipline

Teacher's genuine love for the well being and best interest of the learner

## Scope

## Assumption

most non-conforming children are the least likely to be the teacher’s pets
[Educating an Original Thinker](https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2016/02/educating-an-original-thinker/462468/)

Lahey: In the current educational framework, it’s easier to teach a room of
conformist, unoriginal, malleable children, and yet you assert that these are
not the sort of children who will go on to change the world. How can teachers
push American education in a direction that will foster the kind of traits that
make for original, innovative thinkers?
[Educating an Original Thinker](https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2016/02/educating-an-original-thinker/462468/)

Rebels without direction are a teacher’s worst nightmare and given enough power,
can derail just about any lesson plan.
[Educating an Original Thinker](https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2016/02/educating-an-original-thinker/462468/)

applying any new knowledge to a learner depends on their level of understanding
and how well the teacher can 1-to-1 translate knowledge to their level (teacher
must understand the individual learner)

The current education system provides one option for a million families when in
fact, there should be millions of options for the millions of families

## Known Principle

The art of teaching is knowing what ## not to teach.

Teaching is ## not a spectator sport

Teachers don't have to know everything

Teach not when an argument or conflict is occurring.

Teaching yourself does not mean you are an amateur teacher

## Known Issue

## Known Paradox

## Known Dilemma

How do we inspire people to become more curious, passionate, and ask the right
questions without telling, lecturing, explaining to them?

## Known Dependency

## Known Contradiction

## Known Factor

## Known Insight

## Factor to Address

undo the practice of mass classroom learning

undo the affects of over-consumerism

undo the ideology of scarcity & competition

encompass varied teaching methods to reach the entire scope of learning styles
(reading, visual, tutorials, exercises, meetups, etc)

Determine the usefulness or uselessness of measuring memory and cognition

what approach is taken against bullying?

what approach is taken against unethical behavior?

what approach is taken to offer assistive services to children?

what approach is taken to validate we are valuing the right things?

what approach is taken to measure cognitive competency?

## Quality Attribute

## Functional Requirement

## Non-Functional Requirement

## Challenge

freeing up teacher's time to assist learners at a 1-to-1 level

## Tool

## Methodology

## Conditional

If certain measurements are to be found useful, adopt non-invasive,
non-competitive methods to maintain the desired outcome

## Solution

## Expected Result

## Actual Result

## New Insight

## New Factor

## New Factor to Address

## New Scope
