# Assumption

## Systems Theory

**Annotation:** A given system should _always_ be iteratively evolving.

**Annotation:** Small, agile is always less problematic than large unmaintained

**Annotation:** Since solutions change the context of system behavior, it is
important to use abstraction in system analysis and design

## Model Theory

**Finding:** If the model is too intricate for a first grader to understand, the
model is prone to unsustainability.

## Decisions & Power

**Annotation:** The power of the people is in the collective of decisions
individuals consciously make. Unconscious decisions are those not made by the
individual. The United States is contingent on the balance between conscious
decisions of the people and unconscious decisions diverted to the State, a
relationship known as [Hume's Paradox](https://youtu.be/VF8DsIVWDcs). A true
democracy has no unconscious decisions.

**Wisdom:** Since knowledge is power, empower knowledge through planned
execution.

## The Youth Faces Unsustainable Environmental Threats

Generations of Youth face both systemic and environmental threats that older
generations have ignored for decades.

The looming threats of socioeconomic inequality, climate change, deforestation,
dwindling food resources, pollution, over-consumption, materialism, mass animal
extinctions, the list goes on.. are the factors I'm contributing as
unsustainable.

## Why Have We Regressed?

**Annotation:** The laws of nature has it's duties.

Entropy has it's course, but Humans also have duties, protect the moral
integrity for why we continue to exist; sustain our little slice of the universe
by means of evolving intelligent humane life states of progression.

continually iterating, upgrading, advancing, evolving, progressing into a higher
form of our past self.

Our children's standards, expectations, ambitions should be twice as high as
ours.

The greatest generation aimed their ambition towards the moon, why have we
regressed to capitalize on all human ambition? what happened to Goodspeed?

What happened to human ingenuity and human spirit?

## Tech Drives Economies, Will Soon Outgrow Socioeconomic Model

Technological development is what drives current economies but it will soon
outgrow the limits of market-based systems with over optimization in production.
More than half the American workforce is comprised of bullshit jobs which will
be replaced by automation.

## Cost of Education

**Finding:** Fewer families are capable of providing their children adequate
post-secondary education without warranting rising student loans.

**Finding:** Education has become a Commercial Good for Private Investors.

**Finding:** Students are succumbing to stress, anxiety, depression, and
addiction brought on by the competitive nature of the established education
system, seeking maximum reward in both academic financing and academic
opportunity.

## State of Education

### Assumptions Designed Into the Current Education System

knowledge should paid at the premium by Universities, Corporations, and
Individuals

Education is an investment on investors who invest in a student's education
through the use of high student loans to wager future income and likelihood the
investment will be paid back with interest

Education is only path to gain qualification for work

Students are to be professed into a single discipline so to develop a repertoire
of idiosyncratic verbiage to describe the same concepts \(speaking over one
other in different idioms about the same thing.\)

### No Child Left Behind

**Assumption:** The current education system provides one option for a million
families when in fact, there should be millions of options for the millions of
families.

A schooling system designed to fit everyone, thus fits no one.

### Over Regulation

**Finding:** Culturally, we have lost faith in our children's ability to learn
on their own by providing a system too structured and too focused on how the
child should learn.

A schooling system as it has been preserved in a business model, unimproved for
the last century.

### System Design

The founding Institution of standardized education â€” Isolated from reality yet
succinctly licit with the policies of ruling monickers in effort to maintain
existence of the institution of which Noam Chomsky speaks.

The sole function underlying the education system is to produce competent
employees for the industrial workforce. The design of the system operates the
same principles of the revolutionary business model of the late 1880's and early
1900's.

A conformist system that weaponizes learning in the tyrannical conquest to shape
the minds of adolescents into obedient 9-5 employees.

An Education System designed for the privileged white middle to upper class men
of Northern America more than a century ago.

**Annotation:** The Education System was never designed for the poverish, the
mentally or physcially disabled, minorities, women.

**Finding:** Designed to fail at open learning, prepare men for the workforce,
Promote conformist ideals

### Education Paradigm

**Wisdom:** As the educator, you are not to tell the children what to learn,
rather expose them to the available knowledge and content out there in the
world.

## Education Dilemma

**Finding:** The ability to fix the education system is practical, sustaining
the current paradigm is not.

We have the technology, a global network for human commmunication, and the tools
for universal learning.

Beaurocracy, Politics, and Business are the barriers in the way.

## The Value of the Internet in Education

The most valuable addition to the current education system is the Internet; the
role of which must be recognized and properly defined as a tool to progress
human understanding, ability, and quality of life.

## The Origins of the Internet

The beginnings of the Internet as we know today, was decentralized and
cultivated an open free culture with Unix, Linux, free software, wiki, blogs,
etc. That is, until the dot-com boom came along and centralized the Internet.

## The Usefulness of The Internet

**Annotation:** What was once left in failure, untried, or inconceivable
generations ago remains achievable in good time

## The State of Expert Knowledge Systems

**Finding:** Tested and studied research rots away behind paywalls.

**Annotation:** the storage of Information is diversified -- most likely
unequally though.

someone pays to store the data, running electrical costs.

paywalled web server databases.

small business databases \(web servers\).

private domain \(web servers\).

corporate entity databases \(Facebook, Google, YouTube, Netflix\).

public domain databases \(Wikipedia, web archives\).

consumer domain \(cloud services\)

## Tech Companies

Google provides open source products but has monopolized the search engine and
is facing public scrutiny by the EU and others, Apple has built a walled-garden
where most technologies are built in-house but is run by 100% solar energy,
Facebook openly sells your data. Verizon and AT&T have privatized and
monopolized access to the Internet.

## Open Source Dev Community

Open Source dev communities increase in size and scale in providing alternative
effective solutions for free. All existing software is built upon open source
frameworks, libraries, protocols, software.
